Chapter 116 Resourcefulness

Anna's potion made even the monsters who were trying to climb the mountain through several other points run toward Ethan. That was a potion that could be useful in some moments, especially for someone like Ethan. However, he was more interested in the small bottles Anna was throwing at the same speed as bullets and the bag she had on her waist from which she was taking out the potions from.

"What? You aren't the only one who can use space magic," Anna said. "You'd better watch out for your surroundings. I can't hit the monsters that are coming in a straight line since you are in front of me."

It was time to work and think about things later. Ethan began to run toward the base of the mountain and confirmed once again that all the monsters were ignoring Anna. Still, all potions could only last for so long, so he couldn't leave her behind.

Cursed Sword (Common) (+0)

Attack: 35 – 60

ραпdα nᴏνa| сom Durability: 22/120

Effects: It can decrease the endurance of the target by two percent whenever an attack land. The effect can stack up to twenty times.

Requirements: 100 STR

"I guess this is what I get from running wild without thinking… anyway, let's see what those bastards can do for my sword."

When the devourers got close enough, Ethan used all his might to split them in half. His strength increased thanks considerably to his level of status and skills. Still, he wasn't fast enough to deal with so many devourers alone. So, Anna had to help by throwing a few more potions. Before one of the devourers could die, thanks to her potions, Ethan used Synthesize.

Cursed Sword (Common) (+0)

Attack: 35 – 60

Durability: 22/120

Effects: It can decrease the endurance of the target by two percent whenever an attack land. The effect can stack up to twenty times.

Extra effect: (Savagery) Ignores ten percent of the enemies' endurance. (450s)

Requirements: 100 STR

It was quite weird that the extra effect could stack with the power of his cursed sword. Still, instead of complaining, Ethan was thankful for since his attacks managed to penetrate the hard carapaces of the monsters with more ease. Although the situation was somewhat under control, Anna still used some other potions. However, she had new ones, which she threw on the ground, and after a while, some golems emerged from them.

"What?" Anna asked. "I didn't summon them to help you."

Just like she said, as soon as the golems appeared, they headed toward the other sides of the mountain. It was quite that while having such a big brother, Anna grew up to be an intelligent kid to that extent. Regardless, soon night came, and things became a lot less favorable to them. Ethan made sure to burn some trees with Fireballs to make some light, but even so, he retreated quite a lot to stay close to Anna. Still, just when he got close to her, she threw other potions on the ground, and the whole place began to shine… not shine specifically, but the area became a lot brighter, as it wasn't dark in the first place.

"I have a limited supply of those, so work fast," Anna said. "I have to divide those potions into three groups, after all."

Ethan didn't have to hear it twice. Whatever Anna did, her potions made the devourers hesitate since the ground was emitting sunlight. Ethan used that chance to butcher them without mercy.

The potions were so powerful that Ethan could even see from the other side of the mountain the illuminated places. Although they could only work for a certain time, it was more than enough since they also could make the monsters hesitate. However, such thoughts disappeared from Ethan's head. After fighting for a while, he felt a shiver run down his spine. Without hesitation, he jumped back and then put himself in front of Anna. It was only for a moment, but he felt some blood lust being directed at her.

"Did you notice that?" Anna asked.

"Yeah…" Ethan nodded. "That didn't come from the devourers. Treants and those birds aren't able to emit that much bloodlust… Anyway, return to the base and talk to your father. I will handle things here while…"

Ethan facepalmed when he saw something crossing the sky, and at high speed, he saw it only for a moment. Still, he recognized Ivan leaving the base and heading toward the same direction in which they felt the blood lust.

"Father found something. We have to go and offer him support," Anna said.

"As much as I want to go, he didn't say he wanted to support me," Ethan said. "Besides, if we leave this location, the other groups will be attacked from behind."

"… Then, I will go," Anna said. "You can hold his place on your own."

Before Ethan could even refute it, Anna drank a potion, and then she disappeared. Her presence had completely vanished from the area, but Ethan could tell which direction she went.

"Come on… I am not here to babysit anyone," Ethan sighed and then called Ian through his wristwatch. "Hey, your father found something and left the base. Your sister followed him."

"Aw, man…" Ian sighed. "Why are they always like that? I am too far away to help them, and if I leave this area, the mercenaries will be wiped out. I am going to ask Emily and some of the Clannian to guard your side. Meanwhile, you can go and check things with them. Although they don't look like it, those two are quite hot-blooded."

"Are you for real?" Ethan frowned. "Your family is out there. Who cares if the mercenaries die?"

"Father told me to guard them because they might be useful in the future, and I can't let him down," Ian said. "I will be counting on you, Ethan."

Before Ethan could protest, Ian ended the call… As expected, Ethan was already completely at the limit. He couldn't withstand dealing with those idiots anymore. Although he was going to be nicely rewarded, he could only endure it so much.

"Whatever… it doesn't matter," Ethan sighed. "It is a pathetic excuse, but I am just following orders, and whatever happens, I will make sure to get the payment that I deserve for my services."

After saying that, Ethan began to run toward the north, and not a single devourer managed to catch him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1