Chapter 144 Convenience

"That seems like a very convenient power," Ethan said. "Against small fries, she will never run out of mana, right?"

"Indeed," Ian nodded. "However, her spells have a limited range, and essentially, her physical skills are at C rank. So, she has to work with somebody. It has been a while since they have been doing this kind of job together, but there is no better than a brain-dead warrior to cover for Aline's weakness like than Dante."

Being a human with the physical aptitude of a C-rank hero couldn't be considered a weakness. Still, in the end, that was the evaluation some idiots gave her, and for some reason, Aline accepted. In any case, even though Ethan didn't feel like hearing about others' powers, now that he was starting to hear more about them, he couldn't help but feel interested. Ian was a weird assassin, Hannah could use the word magic, Emily was pretty good at teaching for some reason, and Dante didn't lose his powers. Also, he had a level-up system, and Aline could drain the mana of her defeated foes. It was a really interesting set of powers…

"However, there is an even greater factor that makes Emily and Aline rivals," Ian whispered. "Aline is much more feminine."

"How so?" Ethan asked.

"You know… Aline's are bigger than Emily's." Ian said, and then he regretted it since Emily kicked him. "Ouch!"

Ethan sighed… Ian was utterly hopeless, and to say such a thing about a girl when she was so close was stupid and close to madness. Regardless, they finally arrived at the hotel and found the place completely empty. Thanks to that, they got a room for each one without paying anything. Moreover, they found Carter in the same room he and Emily used before.

"I guess I will do that… my strength won't grow all that much, but at least it is better than just wasting time."

After activating Zen, Ethan returned to Hedo. The very moment when he began to fight against the gremlin army. He already imagined that something like that would happen, so Ethan didn't frown when he started to gain experience and coins while killing the little devils.

You obtained 150 points of experience.

You obtained 30 coins.

Instead of thinking about that, he waited for a certain moment to happen. While fighting alongside the soldiers of the realm, Ethan slayed dozens of gremlins. However, he didn't want to see that… he wanted to relive the moments after he started to fight alone. Although he could easily select a single fight against several gremlins where he killed them in a few seconds and obtained a lot of experience and coins, he wanted more than that.

Ethan waited for a moment where he was completely surrounded by the gremlins, and dozens of them used their flame attacks to burn him. At the same time, several of them stabbed him from behind. The breastplate and chainmail he was wearing protected his vitals, but the pain almost made him collapse. At the same time, the flames began to melt his protective gear. At that moment, Ethan recalled the feeling he had many times while he was building his stamina… to surpass one's limits, one has to withstand the pain.

Diving into the flames and while feeling the smell of his hair and face slowly being burned, Ethan attacked the gremlins. With a single swing of his sword, dozens of them died.

You obtained 150 points of experience.

You obtained 30 coins.

You obtained 150 points of experience.

You obtained 30 coins.

You obtained 150 points of experience.

You obtained 30 coins.

The skill Fire Resistance obtained 600 points of experience.

The skill Heat Resistance obtained 600 points of experience.

The skill Pain Resistance obtained 600 points of experience.

When those creatures died and dropped their weapons, Ethan kicked them and hit the gremlins behind him. The pain sharpened his sense and his anger, and thanks to it, with two more swings, several others gremlins were split in two. Ethan made time to stop there and then made the image return to the very moment he got surrounded. While standing the pain, anger, and sweat, Ethan repeated that hundreds of times… until something hit his head. When he opened his eyes, he saw Emily, Ian, and Carter looking at him with dubious expressions.

"You are right… he is like a semi-broken machine," Ian said. "Dude, what the hell happened? You are all sweaty, covered in bruises and burn marks… you were so concentrated that not even my shouts woke you up. We were about to call your sister, but Emily decided to hit your head."

"She did the right thing… more or less," Ethan frowned at the throbbing pain in his head.

"More image training?" Emily asked.

"More or less," Ethan replied.

"You are not a normal warrior, aren't you?" Emily asked. "Few powerful illusionist mages can create imaginary worlds where the damage one can suffer in such a place can be transferred to the real body… and you certainly don't look like someone who uses illusions."

"I just have a few tricks up my sleeve," Ethan said and then looked at the window and confirmed that the sun was high in the sky. "It is already time, huh? Let's work hard in order to solve this situation today."

"Don't change the subject. If I like the results of this, you will have to teach me," Emily said.

"You chose some strange words… besides, this is probably beyond you," Ethan frowned. "So, give it up."

Emily showed a look as if that conversation wasn't over, but Ethan just had to play dumb if she brought up the subject again. Regardless, Ethan didn't obtain the strength to solve the situation by himself. Still, he wasn't alone, so praying for that to happen was something that he could do. It didn't fit his style, but right at the moment, he would do anything to go home, even five minutes earlier.

Name: Ethan

Class: Omni Hero/????

Level: 80 (111.700 /1.3M)

Health: 1020+ 1130

Mana: 325+ 1070

Stamina: 375+ 1050

STR: 150

MAG: 60

PHY: 20

END: 50 + 21

RES: 05

SPE: 70

DEX: 05

EVA: 05 + 13

ACC: 05 + 5

Coins: 665.600

Status Points: 50

Skill Points: 66

Skill List

Physical: Bash Lv 47 (+ 04 UP),

Magic: Tracking Lv 28 (+ 03 UP), Sharpness Lv 13 (+ 04 UP), Quickness Lv 16 (+ 05 UP), Zen Lv 07 (+ 02 UP),

Passive: Swordsmanship Lv 59 (+ 04 UP), Fire Resistance Lv 35 (+ 15 UP), Heat Resistance Lv 26 (+ 11 UP), Pain Resistance Lv 44 (+ 04 UP), Vigor Lv 31 (+ 03 UP), Iron Heart Lv 12 (+ 02 UP),

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1