Chapter 156 One Swoop

"Are the other dungeons being attacked by people like us as well?" Ethan asked.

"We only confirmed one place, but we assume that others are also being raided… there are some images on the internet that confirm that" Hannah replied.

Ethan also believed that a quick and firm answer to that kind of incident was the best option. Still, he felt like the enemy was waiting for that, so he couldn't help but feel a bit doubtful about the results of those operations… Regardless, the group eventually found the distortion at the end of the dungeon and then waited for a while to receive the permission to cross it. It didn't take long for a mage to emerge from it and nod at them.

Once they crossed the distortion, they landed on the other side in a dusty area. It felt like they were surrounded by a massive mist curtain. Still, it was actually a grey dust cloud… some mages around were using wind magic to clean the area, but they weren't getting many results… The dust was heavier and denser than they had expected.

"It is the same material as before… it is filled with mana as well," Emily said and then tried to contact Hannah, but the communication device didn't work. "I suppose we can't talk with your sister from here…"

"It isn't like we can send some samples without permission to her… but I am sure she is doing what she can," Ethan shrugged.

"... Some people are coughing in the distance because of this. Staying on the dust cloud for long might be dangerous since it has mana," Isaac furrowed his eyebrows.

Ethan recalled that he had some magic masks in his shop that he used against poison mist. Still, they cost around twenty thousand coins… it would be fine for their group, but it would be troublesome if others asked for it. Nevertheless, it was better than risking the health of his allies, so he bought them for himself and the other three. The mask covered their nose and mouth and didn't let anything aside from oxygen enter it, so it was perfect.

"Do you have them in the blue or yellow color?" Ian asked.

"Shut up…" Ethan said while understanding that Ian wanted to look like Sub Zero and Scorpion.

Unfortunately, the gas masks were silver… but he could sell them for a high price if he painted them. They indeed looked at the ninja masks.

"I might have them… they will cost you one million, though," Ethan said.

"Do you think that I am shitting money?" Ian furrowed his eyebrows.

"Guys…" Emily said and then sighed.

The attacking team split into groups and were spreading around the area to secure the perimeter, Ethan could barely see them fifty meters away, and that was kind of dangerous since no one could find any signs of the enemies. Ethan looked at Isaac, and he just shrugged… there was nothing that he could do there since he wasn't the leader of the operation.

"Be ready to summon the mad oxions because we might need them all at once," Ethan declared.

Emily didn't like that, but she nodded either way. The last few monsters had escaped through the dungeon a few minutes away, but there were no signs of that… Ethan wondered if time in that world passed faster, and that would explain several things.

Although everyone was on guard, nothing happened for several seconds, and then when some mages summoned some tornadoes, the dust clouds began to dissipate in the distance, and then that revealed some mountains in the distance. It looked like they landed in the middle of a large valley, and they were surrounded by mountains… that was a weird coincidence.

"We are surrounded…" Ian suddenly said while rubbing his chin thoughtfully. "Climbing those mountains won't be a good idea… the enemies will be able to surround us and cut our line of retreat."

"He should be aware of that… but I don't think that he will retreat alone. He wants to achieve a few things and make sure that the enemies won't have the upper hand if they try to invade again," Isaac said and then sighed.

Isaac's brother was in a bad spot, and Ethan assumed that he also was a difficult person to deal with. If he became prominent enough to lead that kind of operation, he had enough reasons to trust his judgment, but even so…

Much to the environment's surprise, Isaac's brother left the group that he was leading and then approached Ethan and the others. He also had quite the presence, and Ethan could tell that in terms of levels alone, he was supposed to be around 250.

Regardless, the guy had his black hair tied up on his nape, and he was wearing some simple military protectors. Still, he was also wearing a black chest plate that emitted a lot of mana. It should offer him some high-level elemental resistance.

"Hello, my name is Alvin," Isaac's brother said while looking at those three and ignoring him. "I heard about your report, but I need to ask a few questions about it."

Those three nodded and then replied to a few simple questions about the environment and the situations that they found in the world of the Clannian people. When it came to the exploration of fallen worlds, things were pretty hard to understand since only a few had been explored so far, so that couldn't be helped.

"We already expected that we would find a trap here, but things are a bit different than what we imagined. What do you think of all this?" Alvin asked with his arms crossed.

"The enemies are waiting for you all to make the wrong move and put yourselves in a bad spot," Ethan replied. "They know what our goal is, and they are waiting for that. Still, once we do it, they will try to kill us all in one fell swoop."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1