Chapter 155 Internal Changes

They headed toward the exit of the city, and soon the group found Dante and Aline. They sure looked pissed… they weren't crazy enough to disobey the higher-ups since they received a lot of benefits from them, but they didn't have to like their decision.

"... Good luck," Dante said after a long sigh.

"More time for you to train, right?" Ethan shrugged. "If we don't see each other any time soon, I will still be waiting for my part of the deal at my home. Don't make me go and look for you to demand my payment."

"Try not to die, Emily… it will be embarrassing if my self-proclaimed rival were to die now," Aline declared.

"I never said that I was," Emily furrowed her eyebrows.

"It is always written on your big forehead what you are always thinking," Aline said.

"What about me? No one has anything to say to me?" Ian asked.

"You are probably the most talkative assassin-type hero that I have ever seen," Hannah declared.

"You don't have to go that far to praise me, big sister…" Ian said while waving his hands.

"I wasn't, believe me," Hannah said. "Anyway, it looks like Mister Ivan shared the information of his work in another world with the higher-ups, and they decided that you all would be very useful on this mission despite your rank."

Ethan and Emily looked at Ian, and he showed them a thumbs-up. At that point in time, it was practically a skill to be that annoying so often… in any case, aside from those three, Isaac was also part of the team that would offer support to the heroes of Ghana. Half of them were selected for the mission to destroy any and all enemies on the other side. Their numbers exceeded two hundred, and they were all rank B returnees. In theory, they were all stronger than their group, so their leaders only wanted their opinions and experience. That was what Isaac told them.

"I wonder if this will be fine…" Emily frowned. "I want to make Father return home as soon as possible… all this death and chaos is affecting him."

"I am sure that we will have our chance to act if something happens. The leader of this operation won't ignore the firepower that we have if push comes to the shove," Isaac explained.

"Aren't you going to fight?" Emily asked.

"Technically, I can only fight alongside you," Isaac replied. "I didn't mention it, but the leader of this operation told me to lead you… I just tried to hide that."

"What else is hiding that they told you?" Ethan asked. "Like the fact that you are supposed to protect us since we are foreigners."

"Hahaha… you got me," Isaac forced a smile. "While you helped in the other operation, the leader of this one thinks that you aren't that much necessary since all of the heroes of the country arrived in the last few days."

"Well.. he does have a point, there is strength in numbers, and we don't stand out like Dante and Aline," Ethan shrugged while looking at a guy in the distance who was leading the whole group and had some iron claws in his hands. "... He looks quite a bit like you."

"You would think so… he is my half-older brother," Isaac said after a long sigh.

Ethan thought that he and Hannah having powers was an anomaly, but maybe such a thing wasn't as rare as he had thought… Regardless, it was a bit bothersome that they would be used only like that, but it couldn't be helped.

While they were approaching the dungeon, Ethan and the others confirmed that all the monsters had retreated toward the dungeon, and a bunch of them returned to their home planet… it was getting even more evident that the enemies were planning something. They still had one hour before reaching the dungeon. Still, the main offense group wasn't in a hurry to fight… during that time, Ethan wondered what he should do in that situation. A lot more enemies were waiting on the other side, and he needed a way to get rid of a lot more enemies at once. Just swinging his sword around wasn't enough anymore…

Ethan recalled that he had some Swords in his shop that could help with that, but they were too expensive as of now. While he was thinking about that, it looked like Emily asked Ian something.

"Sorry, but no can do," Ian said and then noticed Ethan's gaze. "That sword is my father's best treasure… he won't let me show that around the world. Even if Ethan can use it, he still can't show its true power, so it is almost useless."

The pandemonium sword sure would come in handy now. Still, Ethan didn't want something that belonged to someone else in that situation… Nevertheless, he already had the tools that he needed.

When the attack group reached the dungeon, the backline filled with mages began to bombard the area with their spells. It felt like those cargo trucks filled with those massive cannons of missiles… Ethan forgot what they were called. Regardless, the monsters were decimated, so Emily and Ian also began to understand why Isaac's half-brother was confident that those three wouldn't be needed in the fights… five hundred monsters were killed in less than thirty seconds, after all.

Without wasting time, the attacking team began to enter the dungeon, and Ethan's group was the last to cross the place. It was like an underground tunnel where only half of it was above the ground level. It looked like those really old caves filled with stalactites… all of their steps made sounds that echoed for a while, but soon that kind of place gave room to a cave that had its walls, floor, and ceiling covered in gray dust…

"This doesn't feel right… the first part of the dungeon looked natural, but this…" Emily said while frowning.

"We found similar traces on the other dungeons," Hannah suddenly declared.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1