Chapter 175 Going All Out

It seemed that Nuvian was a bit too idealistic, and he wanted to solve the problem without making too much blood fall… it would be nice if it were possible. Even if it were, the enemies would come at them with a never-ending bloodlust since they were planning to slow down their several months-long plan.

Regardless, the group began to march toward the opposite side of the shadow clones, and despite the fact that they crossed the peak of two mountains, they reached their destination in just one hour.

The group confirmed that most of the enemy soldiers were on that side of the mountain, and they kept a tight formation around the cave as well… in any case, things got noisy after a couple of seconds, and the people in that area began to move in the opposite direction… at least half of them. Their response was fast…

"Let's go; remember, our goal is to prevent a disaster, and we won't accomplish that if we make the enemies more eager to kill humans," Nuvian declared.

That was too unrealistic… so Ethan wanted to sigh. The enemies already have all the reasons to start a war, so sandbagging now wouldn't change a thing. Nevertheless, Ethan thought that perhaps it would be better if he didn't kill everyone but scared the crap out of them.

In any case, the group began to climb down the mountain while slipping in the snow; their speed was quite good since the terrain didn't have that many obstacles. Then again, Ethan noticed that his brother-in-law was using some magic to help with that as well… the enemy's lines were still confused when they reached the bottom of the mountain five minutes later, and only a few soldiers noticed their approach immediately. However, Ethan silenced them by using Dark Stealth and suddenly appeared behind them before grabbing their necks.

The soldiers tried to resist, but then they felt their energy being drained and a cold wave passing through their bodies…

You got 10.000 experience points.

You got 10.000 experience points.

You got 10.000 experience points.

The skill Cold Resistance got 10.000 experience points.

The skill of Freezing Resistance got 10.000 experience points.

The skill Ice Spear got 10.000 experience points.

…

Ethan frowned a bit… the enemies didn't last even ten seconds. Their strength was of C rank, but even so… it looked like his curse got stronger again.

Ethan turned to the side and noticed some other soldiers silently falling on the ground as well. At the same time, he saw the others signaling for him to come to the cave before others noticed what had happened. When it comes to attacking others stealthy, his friends were a lot better than him… in any case, Ethan got some power from all that. His Ice Spear leveled up five times, and he didn't have to use skill points… they wouldn't be useful against the enemies now, though.

The cave was pretty well-lit since the walls and ceiling were covered by transparent crystals… now everyone could understand why the portal was there. Those crystals were filled with mana as well, and they turned the environment into a living battery for the portal.

Ethan noticed that some crystals at the entrance of the cave had fallen into the apartment and became shards on the ground… that probably happened because the mana in the environment was being used constantly.

In any case, Ethan forgot about that when he heard some footsteps ahead… It looked like the guards inside the cave noticed them, and they were coming to check… fighting those guys in a confined place would be hard for the group since the cave was only ten meters wide and five tall.

"Keep charging; I will open the path," Ethan declared when he began to focus his mind.

"Ethan, don't kill anyone…" Nuvian declared.

Ethan nodded; he had already made up his mind about that… he didn't even unsheathe his sword, but he disappeared with Dark Stealth again when he saw some shadows in the distance. For his plan to work and for some scary rumors to spread among the enemy's ranks, it would be better if he focused on his hands alone.

I think you should take a look at

Ethan was able to feel that the presence of the enemies was stronger than the others. Moreover, they noticed a shadow on the ceiling moving toward them and pointed their weapons to attack it. However, they hesitated since it could make the cave fall… using large-scale spells there wouldn't be good for them.

Ethan suddenly appeared in the middle of the first group of soldiers that had ten enemies. Still, they all reacted fast enough to swing their spears at him. After using Harden, Ethan ignored their attacks even though they began to slice his flesh. Still, in exchange for that, he grabbed two of the enemies by the necks as well… they thought that they would be able to free themselves easily, but soon they felt their strength being drained.

You got 30.000 experience points.

You got 30.000 experience points.

You got 30.000 experience points.

The skill Cold Resistance got 30.000 experience points.

The skill of Freezing Resistance got 30.000 experience points.

The skill Ice Spear got 30.000 experience points.

…

After just three seconds, the enemies stopped moving… they still had some strength in their bodies but not the will to muster them anymore. At the same time, Ethan finally began to get the memories of the enemy soldiers that knew what had happened. In a split second, Ethan saw the images of three large cities being burned down… it looked like the enemies told the truth when they mentioned that three humans attacked them first… Ethan even managed to see some kids in the distance… things were a bit hazy since those were memories, but there was no mistake… those three attacked three cities there. At the same time, Ethan didn't see anything regarding their capture…

When the enemies noticed that Ethan wasn't going to stop with the small wounds they were causing, they focused on pointing their weapons toward Ethan's head and heart… Still, before they could trust their spears forward, Ethan launched the two enemies on the ground, and the impact created a curtain of mist. In the next moment, several of them were pushed backward when they were hit by the allies that were thrown at them.

The others finally caught up with Ethan, but the path was far from open… moreover, some more enemies were coming from the back of the cave. Things were going to be difficult at that rate… Ethan didn't want to use another Trump card since he didn't know if the enemies would survive, but it looked like he didn't have any other choice.

"We are going ahead," Ian declared. "Make sure to buy us some time."

Ian somehow used his intangibility in the whole group and made them disappear as well… since then, that moron was revealing a lot of his cards, Ethan felt compelled to do a bit more as well, and he had plenty of time to do so since the enemies soldiers frowned when they saw the others disappearing and couldn't feel their presences anymore…

Still, they noticed that Ethan's presence changed, and they could feel his bloodlust as well, so soon they forgot about the others and focused their eyes on the menace in front of them.

Ethan suddenly vanished, and in the next moment, the group of enemies that had just recovered from the previous attack were blaster away and spun in the air until they reached the other enemies that were about to join the fight… when they landed and rolled on the ground, they barely had the chance to see Ethan standing in the final position of his attack with his right fist pointed at them… somehow, he wasn't following up with his attack, even though it would have been a great opportunity…

"I guess I can't take many memories during the single moment of a punch," Ethan thought while he analyzed the knowledge and experience he had just got.

Ethan took a deep breath since he couldn't stop there, and because the fight was far from over… still, he could feel his head splitting thanks to the fact that he wanted to alternate between using Berserker or not… he couldn't take any risks.

In the same way as Ethan, the enemies felt that they couldn't take any chances… Only a few of them were protecting the portal, but they couldn't return to their positions and expose their backs to him. In the end, they pointed their weapons at Ethan and fired a near-endless barrage of ice spears… the massive barrage was as thick and wide as the cave itself, so Ethan didn't have room to escape.

Still, Ethan ignored that and just took a single step backward before taking another forward and punching the air ahead. The attack created a blast that wiped all the projectiles that were about to touch Ethan…

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1