Chapter 176 Living And Learning

Although he succeeded once, finding enemies tried soon after, and that wasn't good since Ethan could feel his right hand getting numb.

"I guess this much is too much for the current me…" Ethan thought and then summoned his sword. "It will be fine as long as I don't touch them."

When the enemies fired the second barrage, Ethan used Explosive Impact and Fire Enchantment while he charged forward… the combination usually was supposed to hit the ground, so there was no telling what was going to happen… the entire cave trembled during the impact… Ethan's counterattack blocked the enemy's barrage, but it also made some chunks of the cave crack and fall on the area.

"This might not be terrible…" Ethan thought.

Ethan thought that he would have to rely more on Berserker, but while he lost the exchange, he managed to counter it… some of the enemies were hit by the debris, and that broke their formation completely. Ethan charged toward them again but soon disappeared among the rocks that fell from the ceiling… the enemies looked around, waiting for him to show up since it was clear that he had used Dark Stealth. Still, they waited for a while without anything happening… he just ignored them and went to reunite with his friends. It would be easy to protect them that way…

When Ethan reached the other side of the cave, he saw a massive room and a portal that was on the size of a five-story building… it looked like the enemies excavated that area to look bigger. Regardless, he found his friends there and Nuvian trying to deal with a barrier that was enveloping a magic relic in the shape of eight points star… it looked to be made of the same crystal that covered the cave.

"Houston, we have a problem," Ian said when he noticed Ethan's arrival. "It looks like they had some countermeasures aside from the soldiers… by the way, Emily threw those that were left here beyond the portal. I wonder why they aren't trying to come back…"

"It couldn't have been helped… and we have other problems here," Emily protested.

"How much longer for you to deal with the barrier and then the portal?" Ethan asked.

"I wasn't prepared for this… but this isn't beyond my abilities," Nubian declared. "Ten minutes for the barrier and five more to make the portal dissipate and get rid of all things around that will can make it open again."

That was three times more than he had expected, considering their original goal… Ethan sighed, and then he heard the footsteps of the enemies fast approaching them. Ethan thought for a second… his previous strategy might bury them alive since they wouldn't have anywhere to run, even thought it would seal the portal for a while… they could use the portal to escape, but it wouldn't seal it.

"Keep an eye on the portal and protect Nuvian in case they return to this side," Ethan declared. "I will buy those fifteen minutes, Emily. It is time now."

"All right… let's just focus on the real goal, okay?" Emily asked.

It seemed that Emily was a bit too worried about causing deaths here… she was probably thinking that she might bring problems or danger to her family if she kills the people from that world. That was something that tormented Ethan for quite a while during those eleven months… that was why he hesitated to kill at first. However, after a while, those thoughts vanished… if the enemies couldn't kill him, who was so close to them, they would have a hard time finding his family. Still, that kind of worry wasn't unfounded.

Those two didn't have to run for long before they found the enemies ahead… almost one hundred of them were more than eager to get rid of them and then protect the portal… They basically could see it, and some unknown individuals were trying to get rid of the barrier.

"Focus on blocking them if they try to ignore me, don't worry about the methods," Ethan declared after he put away his sword again.

Emily used her support spells after she nodded, and Ethan could feel his power growing… it was a lot better than when he used the spells himself. Just having some levels on them wasn't enough… Regardless, Ethan charged at them and then sidestepped increasingly fast when the enemies began to fire their Ice Spears.

The projectiles mostly hit the ground, but some of them still scratched Ethan as he got closer. It wouldn't be easier in any other way, after all. All of a sudden, Ethan disappeared when he kicked the ground with all his might… the enemies thought that he had used Dark Stealth again. Still, soon he hit the stomach of two enemies with his elbows before grabbing their necks. He only needed three seconds to make them lose everything, but the enemies nearby were prepared for that and swung their spears to chop his arms.

When the spears approached, Ethan jumped backward. He made the attacks hit the shoulder of the two enemies that he was holding… the attackers clicked their tongues in annoyance since they didn't expect that.

Moreover, that bought Ethan more than enough time to take all of their experience… even B rank warriors were just a small nuisance in front of his cursed power.

You leveled up.

You obtained five status points.

You obtained two skill points.

That happened a bit faster than Ethan had expected, but he ignored it. When he thought of changing again, the enemies pointed their spears forward to stop him… Ethan could still attack, but he probably would end up impaled by the weapons. The real problem was the fact that he could read them like a book, and they were planning to bombard him with magic as soon as the weapons touched him… that would cause quite a bit of damage.

"Not a bad answer, but it is too simple…" Ethan and charged anyway.

The enemies charged forward to increase the power of their impalement. Still, then Ethan fired several Water Blades at the enemies on the front. They flinched for a short while, and Ethan planned to follow up with Ice Spears, hoping that it would slow them down a little… but a cold blast of wind came from behind and froze the water in their faces… Emily sure worked fast.

Ethan kicked two of the enemies in the stomach and made them collide against the others and then grabbed two others and used them as shields. Now that he thought about it, they were surprisingly easy to damage… his power was taking their strength. Still, even so… they were the classical glass cannons. It made sense considering their magic abilities.

I think you should take a look at

"I guess they wouldn't want a huge melee on Earth… they would have the upper hand from a distance, but they would have to worry about other things like setting a camp and a supply line on the other side," Ethan thought and then threw the unconscious enemies aside when he was done with them.

Upon realizing that they would suffer a lot if they kept fighting like that, the enemies began to charge… they didn't want to risk the barrier around the relic, so they charged while firing Ice Arrows from their weapons… it didn't look like they knew how to fight without shooting anything at the same enemies first.

"Why don't you use your sword?" Emily raised her voice when she saw Ethan blocking most of the projectiles with his fists. "I hate to quote Ian, but isn't that thing big enough for a reason and for moments like this?"

"This is just preparation for the future…" Ethan replied while he felt blood dripping from his hands. "I should have increased my Resistance as well."

Name: Ethan

Class: Omni Hero/ ????

Level: 90 (50.000 /1.9M)

Health: 1275 + 1590

Mana: 325 + 1050

Stamina: 700 + 2440

STR: 185

MAG: 60

PHY: 20

END: 50 + 21

RES: 05

SPE: 135

DEX: 05

EVA: 05 + 13

ACC: 05 + 5

Coins: 535.500

Status Points: 00

Skill Points: 00

Skill List

Physical: Dash Lv 38, Bash Lv 55 (+ 04 UP), Brutal Swing Lv 12, Explosive Impact Lv 44(+ 04 UP), Crescent Kick Lv 07, Sonic Throw Lv 55

Magic: Frozen Enchantment Lv 04, Electric Enchantment Lv 55, Ice Shield Lv 15, Zen Lv 07 (+ 02 UP), Heal Lv 05, Fireball Lv 09, Earth Arrow Lv 05, Aqua Blade Lv 04, Wind Arrow Lv 04, Poison Mist Lv 13, Dark Stealth Lv 50, Harden Lv 40,

Passive: Acid Resistance Lv 18(+ 05 UP), Pain Resistance Lv 48, Impact Resistance Lv 25, Eagle Eye Lv 25, Thunder Resistance Lv 18, Shock Resistance Lv 29(+ 04 UP), Freezing Resistance Lv 47(+16 UP),  Vigor Lv 34 (+ 03 UP), Alchemy Lv 22, Archery Lv 25 (+ 03 UP), Iron Heart Lv 14 (+ 02 UP), Poison Resistance Lv 38(+ 04 UP), Iron Fist Lv 08, Knife Master Lv 05, Dual Dagger Lv 05, Multi-Cast Lv 13,

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1