Chapter 179 Bury The Light

"I guess they had to give some explanations by suddenly appearing in the middle of the enemy's territory," Ethan said. "You are certain that you appeared in Canada, right?"

"Right, I had the chance to see some frozen choppers as well," Emily replied. "Anyway, can't you open a spatial rift connecting to Earth or something?"

"I am a warrior, remember?" Ethan shrugged. "That being said, I should be able to open spatial rifts in the future with my sword slashes."

"Really, are you Vergil or something?" Emily furrowed her eyebrows.

"Bury the light, deep withiiiiiiiinnnnnnn!" Ethan said.

Although Ethan was joking around, he was a bit worried. The flow of time in that world was slower than Earth, so there was a chance that they might have to wait for a while… they might have to even wait for more if the retard called Ian convinced Nuvian of some weird things.

Nuvian possessed an innocent and gullible appearance that made him the perfect target for various scams. With his wide, doe-like eyes and an air of naivety, he seemed like the type of guy who could easily fall prey to the cunning schemes of swindlers.

His trusting nature and open-hearted demeanor were apparent to anyone who observed him. He radiated an aura of kindness and sincerity, always willing to lend a helping hand without questioning the intentions of others. It was this very quality that scammers sought to exploit.

"He fell for sis, after all," Ethan thought. "So, his judgment when it comes to people is questionable. What the eyes see, the heart cannot feel, or something like that. Well, not that it is my problem."

After a couple of hours, Ethan began to confirm that it was the case… even if something had happened, Hannah and Nuvian would find a way to bring him back to Earth. Unless a certain annoying someone was keeping them busy.

While Ethan was thinking about that, he noticed that Emily was fidgeting a bit; she also looked a bit red. As expected, it was nature calls.

"The toilet is over there," Ethan said while pointing to a tree.

"Ha?" Emily asked. "I don't need to use the toilet. I just want a bath."

"It is as cold as if hell had frozen over twice; you aren't sweating," Ethan declared.

"You said that it wasn't cold either, so you were just pretending," Emily said.

"Not for someone like me," Ethan shrugged. "Oh well, I guess I will kill time by eating something."

I think you should take a look at

In the midst of the raging snowstorm, Ethan rummaged through his inventory, searching for the ingredients needed to whip up a comforting cup of hot chocolate. With freezing fingertips, he retrieved a packet of cocoa powder and a small bag of marshmallows, items he had stashed away for such occasions.

Undeterred by the biting cold, Ethan sought shelter among the towering mounds of snow. He set up a makeshift cooking area using a portable stove he had brought along. Despite the gusts of wind threatening to extinguish the feeble flame, he bravely shielded it with his body, determined to conquer the harsh weather.

From his inventory, he pulled out a sturdy pot, its metallic clang echoing through the wintry silence. He carefully measured out water and poured it into the pot, each drops precious in his quest for warmth.

"And you said that you aren't cold," Emily said while raising her left eyebrow. "Anyway, you sure brought a bunch of weird things with you."

"I have too much money in my bank account, and I expected that something like this would happen eventually," Ethan explained. "It is good to have some ways to kill time in situations like this."

"You are putting in too much sugar…" Emily furrowed her eyebrows.

"I burn fat fast, so it is fine; I also have a sweet tooth when it comes to chocolate," Ethan said. "Do you want some?"

"Can you make a cup without half a bag of sugar?" Emily asked.

"I guess it is fine since I don't have anything else to do," Ethan shrugged. "You must be the type who gets fat easily since you are worrying about getting fat thanks to a single cup of chocolate. A bit of fat won't kill you in a place like this since the cold makes you burn the fat faster to keep you warm."

"Stop saying fat all the damn time…" Emily facepalmed while feeling a headache. "It seems that we will have to stay here for a while, thanks to Ian."

"So, you noticed that too, huh," Ethan said while showing the eyes of an addict while he was sipping his chocolate. "I need all the sugar in the world to make my brain think of the best plan possible to repay that guy for making us waste our time like this."

"... Say, how was your life in the other world?" Emily asked.

"Nothing really special. Haven't you heard about it already?" Ethan asked. "I was summoned with my cheat powers, kicked some asses, got all the girls, and then killed the demon king. Fin."

"You wouldn't be so weird if that were truly the case," Emily said.

"What about your little adventure?" Ethan asked. "Was the story of a talented female mage embarking on an extraordinary adventure? Whether it's accidentally turning her own robe into a mischievous talking squirrel or conjuring up a spell that brings forth a herd of floating sheep, her magic seems to have a mind of its own. As Emily sets off on her quest, accompanied by her trusty sidekick, a bumbling yet lovable enchanted cat named Whiskers… Throughout her adventures, Emily's magical blunders often lead to uproarious consequences. Picture her attempting a simple teleportation spell, only to find herself swapping places with a bewildered chicken, much to the amusement of onlookers. Or imagine her trying to cast a levitation spell, only to end up floating upside down with her robes billowing around her, much to the delight of children nearby."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1