Chapter 180 Whelp

"It would be really nice if that were the case," Emily said and then received the hot chocolate that Ethan had made. "If you got all the girls, why don't you want to refund that world? Some of the guys at our school do that and work hard to obtain that chance. Your sister should know."

"You know, knowing Ian, I bet that he is spying on us right now with some sort of spell or magic tool; you are just giving material for that dumbass to be annoying for months," Ethan said.

"I see, virgin, huh," Emily said.

"No, you don't see," Ethan said. "I am not a Virgo; I am an asparagus."

"That is not even a zodiac sign," Emily furrowed her eyebrows.

From mimicking Ian's gestures, mannerisms, or signature phrases to exaggerating them for comedic effect. Ethan can capture Ian's essence and amuse others by imitating his unique quirks. Ethan could creatively incorporate Ian's name or catchphrases into clever puns and wordplay. He crafts witty jokes that evoke laughter while gently teasing Ian, making puns highlighting his friend's foibles or mishaps.

Ethan was grinning, imagining his plans in action. Even if he had to waste a few days of his life, he would put some of those plans into action. Maybe he needed to develop his evil side considering his plans.

"Do you think that the mission is truly over? What will happen with the enemies on the other side?" Emily asked.

"They started the war already; they will be eliminated if they don't find a way to return as soon as possible," Ethan shrugged. "That is what you get when you act impulsively."

"Still, while we avoid a war that could last for months, their deaths will ordinally cause problems in the long run," Emily said.

As Ethan observed the invasion of the aliens through the magic portals, he couldn't help but grasp the magnitude of the situation. The once-fantastical notion of interdimensional warfare had become a startling reality. It was as if a door to countless possibilities had swung wide open, revealing a vast tapestry of conflicts and alliances that spanned across the cosmos.

Gone were the days of isolated battles on familiar terrain. The boundaries of warfare had expanded beyond imagination, transcending the limits of their world. With each new portal breach, a new battleground emerged, each with its own set of challenges, terrain, and inhabitants.

Ethan's mind raced with thoughts of strategy, tactics, and the intricate dance of power that would inevitably unfold. He contemplated the shifting alliances, the diplomatic negotiations that would determine the course of their fates and the technology and magic that would clash in epic encounters.

I think you should take a look at

"Things won't be the same as before, but that was practically set in stone once we returned to Earth with our powers," Ethan said.

If you have a gift, even if you don't want to use it, others will want to use it. Even more so when it can affect the world so much. Some people that didn't go to other worlds are able to wield mana now. Still, their growth speed couldn't be compared to the returnees… maybe in the future, kids will be both with the ability to use mana like them, but it wasn't something that certain.

The world was changing quite fast, and people like Ethan and Emily were at the center of the changes. Ethan didn't mind that much since he had some plans on how to deal with most problems. However, things were different with Emily. She was the type who thought too much about things, and thanks to it, she tended to worry a lot. All of her powers and achievements didn't give her that much confidence, and she also didn't have the will to do whatever it took to reach her goals. Hence, she was scared of the future since she believed that she had no control over her own.

"For all action, there is a reaction," Ethan said. "You can't change that, but you can change the reactions of things around you. If you let things push you around, you will have to endure that forever. If you don't want something, you stand against it, that is all. No matter what."

"That is a pretty simplistic way of thinking," Emily said while showing a difficult spot.

"You can follow the complicated route if you want, but you will always end up second-guessing yourself," Ethan said. "If you have a clear plan of action in mind, it doesn't matter what happens; you won't be fazed. You won't be flustered, you won't get scared, and you won't hesitate. You will live close with no worries. That is a much better lifestyle if you ask me. When you think too much about things, it is because you don't put your goal above all else."

Ethan sure sounded confident in his words for someone who only lived as long as her. Still, it made sense. It was evident that worrying about the future was no good… it probably could make people die of anxiety. Having countermeasures for every single situation was impossible, but having the right mindset to deal with all of them wasn't.

In any case, the topic was a bit too serious. So as if someone had planned to end the conversation right there, Hannah suddenly appeared right in front of them.

As Ethan returned from yet another treacherous mission, Hannah, his sister, greeted him with a facade of calmness, concealing the cold and silent fury that brewed within her. Her eyes, usually filled with warmth, now glimmered with a mix of disappointment and anger.

Hannah's fury was like an icy undertow, silently pulling her emotions inward. She restrained herself from unleashing her anger upon him, choosing instead to hold it tightly within her chest. Every word left unspoken hung in the air, creating an invisible wall between them.

"Welp, I guess someone is planning to give me an earful," Ethan shrugged. "You win some and lose some."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1