Chapter 181 Devilish Plan

Only a few hours had passed on Earth since they had left, so Ethan's parents didn't know what he had done this time. Still, Hannah quickly realized that her husband used a lot of mana on Earth.

"I always knew that you would become a wife that would try to monitor the footsteps of your husband all the time, sis," Ethan said.

"Be quiet; you will only hear until your ears are red and swollen," Hannah said.

Ethan wasn't alone; Nuvian also received a lecture. Even before Ethan returned, Ian, Hana, and Kei went to their homes. Emily rushed to hers since she truly needed to go to the toilet.

In any case, After losing their way home, the invaders found themselves in a perplexing predicament. Stranded in an unfamiliar world, they were disoriented and filled with frustration. What had initially seemed like a swift conquest turned into an unexpected and baffling situation.

The invaders, once formidable and confident, now wandered aimlessly, their once-mighty army reduced to a disorganized rabble. Their initial arrogance gave way to desperation as they realized they had become lost and bewildered.

Confusion reigned among the invaders as they huddled together, desperately trying to devise a plan to escape their newfound predicament. The landscape before them, vastly different from their own, posed a multitude of challenges and unknowns.

"That is the gist of it; thanks to your friend, no one realized what you did, but for some reason, he kept himself and the others out of my radar," Hannah said. "He only suddenly stopped running after a while, and then I saw the reason."

"What do you have to say in your defense, brother-in-law?" Ethan asked.

"When did you become part of the judging side?" Hannah asked while furrowing her eyebrows.

"I thought that it was weird… but… no, never mind," Nuvian said while looking away.

"Don't worry about selling out, Ian," Ethan said while showing a cold smile. "To anyone, you will go up on their favoritism rank. I am not an exception; I actually killed time by making a list of things that I will make that asshole endure."

"... He said that you wanted to spend some time with Emily, and I decided to help," Nuvian said after a long sigh. "I assumed that she was your type of girl based on your interactions."

"No way, I prefer the ones with mommy milkers," Ethan said.

"Gross…" Hannah said without hiding her disgust. "But at least that proves that you are still a kid."

"No way," Ethan said. "I am just a connoisseur."

"It seems that I failed in raising you," Hannah said and then sighed.

In any case, Nuvian soon returned home, and then Ethan had the chance to rest on his bed. While he didn't pay attention to half of the lecture, he still was exhausted thanks to it. Also, thanks to it, he fell asleep in no time.

When he woke up the next day, Ethan stared at the ceiling for a while, absently minded. In the end, his first thought was, why the hell he had to go to school after the next as soon as he returned from those crazy missions? After thinking for a while, he decided to sleep until the afternoon, but soon he jumped from the bed.

I think you should take a look at

"There is debt to be paid," Ethan smirked. "Wash your neck, Ian. Muahahahaha."

"Why are you lacking like the last boss of a third-rate RPG?" Hannah suddenly opened the door and then asked.

"It is nothing; it is just that I have a great day ahead of me," Ethan said. "By the way, just don't bang in my room like that; we aren't kids anymore."

"Then don't make so much noise so early in the morning," Hannah said and then prepared to leave. "Also, don't do anything like that again. Don't let me use a spell to keep tracking you down."

"It probably won't work; my body will absorb the mana," Ethan said.

"That sounds like a challenge," Hannah said after she crossed her arms.

In any case, soon afterward, Ethan had breakfast alongside his family. Still, it seemed that Hannah didn't tell the others what Ethan and the others had done. Still, she kept looking at him with suspicion.

"What is wrong, Hannah?" Michael asked. "Did Ethan do something to you?"

"She saw me semi-naked this morning," Ethan replied.

"That is the least of my problems," Hannah shrugged.

Hannah had always been a protective and responsible older sister, and when she learned about Ethan's daring adventures, she knew she had to do something to spare their parents from unnecessary worry. She understood that their parents had already gone through enough anxiety with Ethan's previous misadventures, and she didn't want to add to their concerns.

Hannah recognized that Ethan's journeys were filled with danger, excitement, and uncertainty. Ethan's life was a constant rollercoaster of thrilling escapades, from battling formidable foes to traversing treacherous lands. While she admired his courage and spirit of adventure, Hannah also understood the weight of responsibility that came with it.

Once Ethan headed to school, he began to look for Ian, it was time to put his nefarious plans into action, but Ethan didn't find any signs of Ian. The class started, and he didn't show up in the class he was supposed to be in.

"Damn coward, as expected of someone who started in the class as a thief and then evolved the class into an assassin," Ethan muttered while biting his fingernails.

"How unusual for you to be missing Ian," Emily said when she sat on the next seat. "Also, he isn't a character from an RPG; there are no class upgrades. By the way, did you hear the news this morning?"

"No, I was planning the fine details of my devilish plan," Ethan replied.

"... What a way to start the day," Emily furrowed her eyebrows. "It seems that a battle started, but soon the enemies gave up and surrendered when they realized that the portal was closed. Some of them died, but we avoided the worst-case scenario."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1