Chapter 188 Disappearance

In any case, several hours passed, and Ethan didn't find any source of information. Some people were asking about that in some forums. Still, apparently, not everyone felt the earthquake and noticed something aside from it. That being said, only such a setback wasn't going to stop him, Ethan knew better than that.

Still, on the morning of the next day, everyone at school was talking about that. One didn't have to be a genius to connect the dots and realize that the weird feeling truly had been caused by mana.

"Do you think that the earthquake and Ian's disappearance are connected?" Emily asked when she found Ethan in the classroom. "I think that they are."

"Who knows? Assuming anything now when there is so little information is a waste of time," Ethan shrugged. "No dungeon appeared, but it could be the actions of those three guys or those guys that tried to attack me while we were on those missions."

Emily couldn't help but observe Ethan's demeanor. While she admired his ability to remain composed in the face of danger, she also sensed a certain impatience within him. It seemed as though he had a knack for taking everything in stride, even when faced with extraordinary circumstances.

There were moments when Emily wished she could emulate Ethan's nonchalant attitude and control her nerves more effectively. She often found herself getting anxious or overwhelmed, her mind racing with thoughts and worries. In contrast, Ethan appeared to possess an almost unflappable demeanor, as if he had seen it all before.

However, there were times when Emily questioned if Ethan's nonchalant attitude bordered on indifference. It was as if he had developed such a high tolerance for chaos and unexpected events that nothing seemed to faze him anymore. Emily couldn't help but wonder if there were situations that would truly elicit a reaction from him or if he would simply shrug them off with a casual indifference.

"Kei and Hana didn't come today," Ethan said while looking around. "I guess they are keeping a low profile since it is weird that such things have appeared since they came."

"They might be called to return thanks to it since the world is changing, and Japan will need them, just like the USA will need Dante and that annoying girl," Emily said.

"Is that so?" Ethan asked.

"Aren't you going to miss them?" Emily asked. "Hana has some big ones, after all."

"Big ones?" Ethan furrowed his eyebrows. "Wait… did you hear what I said from my sister?"

"She asked for my contact, and we exchanged messages now and then," Emily said.

"It is hard not to imagine what you talk about after hearing this," Ethan said. "The Internet is a thing for a reason, so it doesn't matter where they are. While I don't care about visiting them, this gave me the idea that I should try to learn Teleport… I don't want to get stranded in another world again."

I think you should take a look at

A flicker of annoyance crossed her face as Emily listened to Ethan's words. It seemed as though he was implying that he had no interest in embarking on another world adventure with her alone. It wasn't that she harbored romantic feelings for him. Still, she had enjoyed the camaraderie and shared experiences they had during their previous journeys. The thought of exploring another world together had ignited a spark of excitement within her.

However, Ethan's comment gave Emily the impression that he preferred the company of others or perhaps felt hesitant about venturing into the unknown with just her. While she understood the importance of teamwork and having a support system, she couldn't help but feel a pang of disappointment that their dynamic might not be the same as before.

Setting her feelings aside, Emily decided to reach out to Kei and Hana to confirm their current situation. She sent them a message, asking if they had also received orders to remain where they were and wait for further instructions. It was essential to ensure that everyone was on the same page and aware of the situation at hand.

As Emily awaited their response, she couldn't help but reflect on the sense of duty and responsibility that came with their roles. It was understandable that they would receive directives to stay put until a clearer understanding of the circumstances emerged. Yet, a part of her longed for the sense of adventure and exploration they had previously shared, where the three of them faced the unknown together.

"That confirms things," Ethan shrugged. "I guess you don't want to train today, and I would rather meditate at home as well."

"Wait… it seems that something truly happened at Ian's house," Emily said.

"How can you tell?" Ethan asked.

"... Aline told me just now," Emily said after a long sigh. "It seems that Anna sent a large supply of potions to the government, one that is enough to cover what she usually makes in one month. Some people went to talk with Ivan, but the place is empty."

"I suppose she got that information from Dante," Ethan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "They have been preparing for this for a while."

"I can only imagine that they used a dungeon without authorization… to do whatever they want," Emily said. "This might become a serious issue; while they worked with the government and helped many nations, they might be putting many lives at risk."

"Well, it was their choice, and we can't do a single thing to stop them," Ethan shrugged. "They knew of the consequences."

As Ethan pondered the potential consequences of Ian's family's actions, a sense of doubt washed over him. The thought that they might have delved into forbidden knowledge and caused a significant problem weighed heavily on his mind. Forbidden magic and experimentation often led to unforeseen consequences and could have far-reaching implications. Ethan couldn't help but worry about the potential dangers that lay ahead and the repercussions that might arise from such reckless pursuits.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1