Chapter 194 Lady Of The Wind

"I already said, don't thank me, I will ask one day to repay the debt," Ethan said. "Putting that aside, considering that we might be in a race against time, this group sure doesn't have the skills for an infiltration and undercover investigation. Don't you know anyone with the skills for that?"

"Given my position, it is better to avoid people that look shady," Dante explained.

Ethan could tell. Some people just wait to find some low-hanging fruits to make an exaggeration out of it. As Ethan observed the interactions between Dante and Aline, he couldn't help but notice a newfound closeness between them. Their shared smiles, exchanged glances, and the ease with which they conversed hinted at a growing bond. It struck Ethan as peculiar, for he couldn't discern the reason behind this shift in their dynamic.

To his surprise, Ethan noticed that Dante's friendliness seemed to be directed toward him. Dante's assumption that Ethan played a role in fostering the connection between him and Aline puzzled Ethan. He wondered why Dante would attribute their deepening friendship to his own actions.

Ethan contemplated the possible reasons behind Dante's perception. Perhaps Dante saw Ethan as a catalyst for bringing the group together, a bridge that facilitated stronger connections among them. It could be that Dante interpreted Ethan's actions, words, or even his mere presence as a positive influence that encouraged camaraderie within the team.

In any case, since he didn't have anything else to do, Ethan decided to use Mana Force as well. Lately, he was thinking that he might become better at magic if he only used that. That was one of the reasons Emily's Mana Force was more efficient with her, probably. He was planning to do that, at least with the small fries.

"I need to learn how to Meditate all the time, even while I am standing and fighting… I am sure that there is an item that can help me with that," Ethan thought. "I also should focus on recovering my memories of that world as well… all this missing information is annoying."

While Emily's Mana Force was more efficient, Ethan's Meditation was better since it increased his max mana based on its level… so, at level one thousand, it would make his mana growth with Mana Force become five thousand percent faster… his system and the skills in it were broken.

Regardless, it got dark outside after three hours, and then the group left the hideout and began to run and fly toward the East. Although Ethan was using his Elf Boots, Dante easily could keep up with him. It couldn't be helped since he was at level five hundred.

After traversing the desolate, lifeless landscape for what felt like hours, the group's spirits lifted as they caught sight of a change on the horizon. The monotonous gray surroundings gradually gave way to a hint of greenery as sparse patches of vegetation emerged from the barren soil.

Their pace quickened with renewed energy and anticipation. The air grew slightly fresher with every step, carrying a faint but distinct scent of life. It was a welcome respite from the desolation they had left behind.

As they drew closer, the sight of vibrant plants and trees became more pronounced. Lush grasses blanketed the ground, swaying gently in an unseen breeze. The presence of mana in the surroundings became palpable, its subtle energy resonating with each member of the group. The air hummed with a newfound vitality as if their arrival had reawaken nature itself. The once barren land now teemed with possibilities, and it invigorated their senses.

"Soon, it will be impossible to detect them thanks to the mana in the environment and thanks to the fact that they passed through here several days ago," Aline said.

"Ethan, don't you have anything that can help with that?" Emily asked.

I think you should take a look at

"Unless you have some oracle that doesn't need their powers, then no," Ethan replied.

"We can't ask the people in this world for help either, so we will have to keep moving around this area in order to find other traces of them," Emily said.

"Aline…" Dante said.

"... I guess it can't be helped," Aline said after a long sigh, and then she began to concentrate.

It seemed that Aline had a trick up her sleeve that she had planned to hide until now. A large concentration of mana around her was gathered, and then the wind began to flow in circles until it took a humanoid form.

As Aline channeled her powers and called upon the spirit of the wind, a breathtaking presence materialized before them. The ethereal being took the form of a graceful woman adorned in a flowing, long dress that billowed with invisible currents. The fabric of her gown seemed to be woven from whispers and gentle breezes, shimmering with hints of pastel hues that mirrored the colors of the sky.

Her features were delicate, her eyes gleaming with an otherworldly light. Wisps of air danced around her, creating an aura of elegance and serenity. Her hair, reminiscent of a gentle zephyr, cascaded down in silky waves, intertwining with the unseen currents that surrounded her.

The spirit's movements were as fluid as the wind itself, her every gesture seemingly an extension of the very air she commanded. With each step, she left a soft, barely perceptible trail of swirling wisps in her wake, a testament to her connection with the element she embodied.

"Please, look for the smell of three people like us," Aline said.

"I hate to say it, but no one here is like Ian… he is a moron of the highest order," Ethan said.

The spirit of the wind nodded and then began to dance around with its eyes closed. Ethan felt like reminding the creature that they didn't ask for a performance, but that didn't take long. The spirit of the wind pointed to North and then began to follow some sort of trail.

"I can't keep the lady of the wind summoned forever, so we have to hurry up," Aline declared.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1