Chapter 201 Duel

As Ian vanished into thin air, the group's vigilance surged, their instincts compelling them to raise their guard. Their wariness proved justified when, in an instant, they found themselves enclosed within a sinister embrace of dark crystal pillars. The pillars materialized with alarming speed, creating an impenetrable barrier that separated them from their previous location.

A resounding crack reverberated through the chamber as the crystal shattered upon Ethan's touch. Like a fleeting specter, he slipped through the crumbling fragments, escaping the clutches of the crystal prison.

You obtained 500.000 experience points.

"Wow, this was a lot of mana," Ethan said while cleaning his clothes from the fragments of the dark crystal.

Ian felt a surge of annoyance coursing through him as he witnessed Ethan slipping away from the crystal prison. The cracks that formed upon Ethan's touch irritated him, for he had intended to trap the entire group and confront them on his terms. It was a frustrating setback, reminding him that catching someone as unpredictable as Ethan by surprise was close to impossible.

Deep down, Ian knew that Ethan possessed a knack for evading dire situations and turning them to his advantage. It was a quality that both intrigued and infuriated him. Despite his annoyance, Ian couldn't help but acknowledge Ethan's resourcefulness. He understood that underestimating him would be a grave mistake, and it only fueled his determination to devise a more foolproof plan to deal with the group.

"You resisted your arrest. This is a grave crime," Ethan said. "You also kidnapped the son of the president and two high school girls, probably to a dungeon. People will call you a pervert for the rest of your life."

"Stop with the nonsense," Ian said.

"You should listen to your own words," Ethan shrugged. "Then again, you feed on nonsense. So, saying that would be the same as asking you to stop breathing."

"Why do you want to stop us?" Ian asked.

"I am not here to stop you; I am here to investigate your shady business and make you pay for worse crimes than not following the law," Ethan replied. "You bothered me far too much, and you tried to affect my life far too much. It is payback time."

Ian's annoyance transformed into bewilderment as he listened to Ethan's serious demeanor and his unexpected revelation. The notion that Ethan had not come to interfere with the revival of Ian's mother, but had simply disappeared after causing him trouble once again, seemed utterly nonsensical to him. He struggled to comprehend why Ethan would go to such lengths just to play a prank or disrupt his plans.

Ian's mind raced, trying to make sense of the situation. He considered Ethan's unpredictable nature and mischievous tendencies, but this time, something felt different. There was a seriousness in Ethan's eyes and words that Ian couldn't ignore. It struck him that perhaps there was more to Ethan's actions than meets the eye, a deeper motive or hidden purpose that eluded him.

As the initial waves of annoyance subsided, Ian found himself contemplating the true intentions behind Ethan's presence. Could it be that Ethan had stumbled upon something significant or had information that warranted his involvement? Ian couldn't dismiss the possibility entirely, for he had learned that Ethan's antics often had a deeper meaning, however obscured they might be.

I think you should take a look at

"Just give us a few days, and then you will have the chance to do whatever you want," Ian said after a long sigh.

"Why should I wait for your convenience when you always ignored mine?" Ethan asked. "I was planning to just shame you a bit in public, but since you attacked those three, it seems that you are serious, and I will have to break some of your bones."

"... What would you do in my place?" Ian asked. "Do you seriously think that I have time to waste with you?"

"I don't know, and I don't care," Ethan shrugged. "I don't know what you are plotting yet; I just have some guesses. At the same time, I don't care because it is none of my business. I am just here because Dante asked for a hand, and I can benefit a lot from making him owe me one."

"We are trying to revive my mother; she died of a heart attack because we disappeared. What would you do in our place?" Ian asked.

"I would turn the world upside down to revive my mother as well; I am not blaming you for trying," Ethan shrugged.

"Then, why the hell why?" Ian asked.

Ian's fury surged within him, fueled by a mixture of frustration and anger as he perceived Ethan's presence as a deliberate obstruction to his mission of reviving his mother. The audacity of Ethan's actions, the thought that he would dare interfere with such a deeply personal endeavor, ignited a fire of resentment within Ian.

His brows furrowed, and his gaze sharpened as he stared at Ethan, his eyes burning with intensity. The weight of his emotions threatened to consume him, and he struggled to contain his rising fury. Ian's fists clenched, his knuckles turning white, as he fought to control the seething anger boiling within.

The realization that Ethan was standing in his way, purposefully disrupting his plans, incited Ian's fury to new heights. He felt a surge of righteous indignation, convinced that Ethan had no right to meddle in affairs that were so personal and meaningful to him. How dare he interfere with something of such profound importance?

"It must be painful to have the IQ at the same level as a room's temperature," Ethan said and then sighed. "I would do the same things in your place without worrying about the consequences, but that doesn't mean that I would expect understanding from everyone. I am not that retarded. If I am doing something shady that might affect many worlds, naturally, I would expect a bunch of people trying to stop me. Did the logic fly above your head?"

"... I wished that I didn't have to fight you," Ian said and then sighed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1