Chapter 216 Like You

"You have come," The time silver bird said without opening its mouth.

As Ethan stood before the time silver bird, he could sense a shift in the air, and a gentle voice resonated within his mind. It was a voice that carried the weight of wisdom and experience yet spoke with a calm and soothing tone, reminiscent of a caring grandmother.

The voice of the time silver bird reverberated through Ethan's thoughts, imparting a sense of ancient knowledge and caution. It spoke with a measured cadence, each word carefully chosen and delivered with a sense of deep understanding.

The voice echoed with a hint of wariness as if the time silver bird had encountered countless beings seeking its powers before. It conveyed a sense of vigilance, as though the creature was cautious about granting access to its time-altering abilities.

"Wassup," Ethan said. "Telepathy, huh? Why am I not surprised? Anyway, why did you let me in here?"

"Didn't want you to see me?" The time silver bird asked.

"I did, but I didn't think that I would be welcome," Ethan said after he crossed his arms. "You know why I am here, right?"

"You want to help a friend by reviving his dead mother," The time silver bird replied.

"Wrong. Incorrect. Mistaken." Ethan shook his head. "I am here to work for the sword I just got. Anyway, you didn't give a real answer to my question. Why do you let me come here?"

"Because you have a presence and power similar to mine," The time silver bird replied.

"Do I?" Ethan asked while furrowing his eyebrows. "I don't think that the power to absorb mana is as amazing as to control time like you can."

"That isn't your power… I see. You are still unconscious. Your power has yet to awaken completely," The time silver bird said.

A question lingered in Ethan's mind: How could this creature, who seemed to have an innate understanding of time manipulation, possess a knowledge that surpassed his own? It was a puzzle that perplexed him, as he had spent years honing his skills and uncovering the depths of his powers.

Yet, amidst his confusion, a spark of curiosity ignited within Ethan. He saw this encounter with the time silver bird as an opportunity to learn, to delve deeper into the mysteries of time, and unlock the true potential of his own abilities. He realized that the journey ahead would not only require physical prowess but also a willingness to embrace the wisdom and teachings of this ancient being.

"Elaborate," Ethan said.

"It will be better if I don't do that," The time silver bird said. "You need to understand your own nature at your own pace and learn things little by little in order for the truth not to crush who you are."

I think you should take a look at

"Nope, I want to hear it now," Ethan said. "This has been bothering me for far too long. I want to free myself from this curse."

"What you have isn't a curse; it is a power that you have yet mastered," The time silver bird said. "A sword can be a curse on the hands of someone inexperienced since it can end their lives, but a sword can also protect the lives of many."

"I am still waiting for a proper answer," Ethan shrugged.

"... I suppose it is only natural that you are this stubborn," The time silver bird said after a long sigh. "I can't say the specifics, but you should know, considering how everything started, that you have been chosen. You and many others were chosen to go to other worlds and receive powers; why do you think that is the case?"

"For power fantasy purposes," Ethan replied. "Jokes aside… I know that two things are involved in the summoning of heroes. The spell and the will of the world we were called to."

He understood that he and many others had been summoned from their respective worlds through a powerful spell, one that could be manmade or even beyond mortal comprehension. It was a spell that transcended time and space, drawing together individuals with unique qualities and abilities.

But it wasn't just chance or coincidence that brought them here. Ethan realized that they had been chosen as vessels, vessels of powers granted by the worlds they had ventured into. These powers were bestowed upon them, gifts from the realms they had encountered, to aid them in their journeys and fulfill their destinies.

According to conventional understanding, their connection to those realms should have been severed once they departed. Yet, here they were, with their abilities intact and accessible.

He questioned whether there might be deeper forces at play, forces that transcended the boundaries of time and space. Perhaps the bond forged between their souls and the energies of those worlds had become something more than a simple connection. It could be a symbiotic relationship, an intertwining of essences that persisted even outside the confines of the specific realms.

Ethan considered that the powers they wielded might be rooted in something more fundamental, something universal. It could be that the essence of these abilities existed beyond the physical realms they had visited, tapping into a wellspring of energy that flowed throughout the multiverse. If that were the case, it would explain why their powers remained, transcending the limitations of their physical presence in any one world.

"You should have realized by now that your job isn't over yet," The time silver bird said. "You were granted powers, they were awakened, and they are part of you now."

"Even though I lost them?" Ethan asked. "Most of them, actually."

"You didn't lose them; you can recover them at any given time if you wish so," The time silver bird said.

"... So, you are someone who was chosen as well to be the guardian of this world?" Ethan asked while rubbing his chin thoughtfully.

"Yes and no," The time silver bird replied. "I was chosen, but I am from this world, so I am not like you and the others."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1