Chapter 217 Chain Quest

"That would explain a lot of things. Since the people of this world were dooming themselves, the world chose someone from this place to save it," Ethan said. "I can't say that you have been doing much of a good job. No offense. I can understand the feeling of paying the price of other people's mistakes."

"I can only use my power in this area; if I leave, I will be more vulnerable," The time silver bird said. "The spiritual energy in this world is dying because all of the connections with the spiritual world have been severed. That is why you still have your powers."

Perhaps their abilities persisted because their purpose extended beyond their individual worlds. It occurred to him that their mission was not confined solely to the protection and preservation of their own realms but rather encompassed a broader duty to safeguard the balance and harmony of the multiverse as a whole.

Just as their own worlds faced threats and challenges, there were undoubtedly countless other worlds and dimensions in need of defenders. The powers they possessed were not solely tied to their specific origins but were gifts bestowed upon them to aid in their cosmic task.

Ethan considered that their continued possession of these powers was a testament to their role as guardians of the multiverse. They had been chosen to stand as beacons of hope and defenders of all realms, with the strength to confront the various threats and challenges that existed across the vast tapestry of existence.

"Sounds like a pain. I refuse," Ethan said.

"It isn't often that someone like you is chosen for that kind of job; usually, more selfless people would be chosen," The time silver bird said.

"Excuse me for not being selfless enough to work for others for free and put my life at risk to protect those who don't give a fuck about my existence," Ethan shrugged. "If you want someone to work for you, you should be willing to pay for their services and commitment. Otherwise, that won't be different than having a slave."

"Considering your own words, what are you going to offer for my essence?" The time silver bird asked. "You considered killing me, but you never made up your mind completely about that."

"I guess everyone that seems to think that I am trigger-happy or something," Ethan shrugged. "I was planning to do what is necessary to achieve the goal as fast as possible. No point in deciding things without enough information."

"In that case, I am willing to give you what you want if you offer your services to me as well, a fair exchange, don't you think?" The time silver bird asked. "My power is getting weaker with the end of this world fast approaching. Everyone and everything here is doomed. However, I can use my remaining mana to make the world start over. However, before a new start, the end has to come."

"I should have known. You are another one who wants to make me even more of a butcher than I already am," Ethan said while glaring at the time silver bird.

I think you should take a look at

"Despite that, you are willing to do so since you know that it is necessary and because you want to help your friend," The time silver bird said.

"I am fine with you making me do your dirty job, but I am not fine with you saying that Ian is my friend," Ethan said and then took a deep breath to calm down. "Putting that aside, why didn't you receive Ian? He is also a summoned hero."

"His nature is different from ours. That is all I can say," The time silver bird said. "Follow the light, and then you will find the path to achieve my goal."

As the conversation with the time silver bird reached its peak, a sphere of shimmering light materialized before Ethan. It floated gently in the air, emanating a soft and inviting glow. Intrigued, Ethan watched as the sphere began to move, slowly approaching the North.

"I can communicate with you using this," The time silver bird declared.

"Of course, who wouldn't want someone whispering in your ear when you are massacring the people of the world?" Ethan asked.

As Ethan followed the path guided by the sphere of light, he couldn't help but feel like he was part of a bizarre and convoluted quest, as if someone or something had a twisted sense of humor. The events he had to undertake seemed more like a series of strange tasks rather than steps toward defeating the demon king.

"Quest one: Collecting a hundred feathers from rare rainbow-colored chickens in a magical forest," Ethan thought. "Quest two: Finding the "Spoon of Destiny" hidden deep within a labyrinthine maze of kitchen utensils. Quest three: Engaging in a fierce thumb-wrestling match against an ancient gnome master. Quest four: Seeking out the mythical "Dancing Pickle" and joining its whimsical dance party. Quest five: Reciting a lengthy poem about the existential crisis of a cheese sandwich to a skeptical group of talking squirrels."

Ethan began to move since time wasn't something he had a lot to spare, unlike the time silver bird. He went down the mountain faster than the wind and headed North.

As Ethan listened to the time silver bird's explanation, he learned of the tragic history that had befallen the population of this world. Hundreds of years ago, they had foreseen the impending decline of their resources, making it impossible for them to sustain themselves in their current form. In a desperate bid to survive, they had turned to technology, merging themselves with machines to become half human and half android.

The price they paid for their continued existence was high. The entire population was interconnected, their lives dependent on a massive machine that sustained the city and its inhabitants. It regulated their access to limited resources, provided energy to power their bodies, and ensured their survival in the harsh conditions of the world.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1