Chapter 239 Changing Professions

Ethan and his companions realized that finding and transporting monster food from other worlds to Earth might be a challenging task. Still, they were willing to do whatever it took to help Mary become stronger. They understood that the more powerful she became, the better their chances of success in their mission to defeat the enemies and save both worlds.

"We might force the enemies to show their cards here if we stop their actions further. I say yes," Ian added.

"What about you, Ethan?" Dante asked.

"It is fine either way; we were planning to stay here for weeks, after all," Ethan shrugged. "Still, we will have to be fast and destructive in order to deal with the enemies nations, they have millions on their sides, and they surround this country in all directions."

Ethan couldn't shake off the feeling that the enemies had deliberately chosen to help the countries surrounding the last nation, not only due to their geographical proximity but also because there must be a hidden agenda behind it. It seemed too calculated to be a mere coincidence.

He pondered the possible reasons for this strategic move. Perhaps the enemies were seeking to isolate the last nation, cutting off any potential reinforcements or assistance from neighboring countries. By encircling them, the enemies aimed to weaken their defenses and leave them vulnerable to a swift and decisive attack.

However, Ethan couldn't help but suspect that there was more to it than just military tactics. The enemies must have had some ulterior motive, some deeper objective that remained concealed. It could be related to the resources, technology, or unique characteristics of the last nation that made it an attractive target.

"I was planning to fight as well and split the group if necessary, but we can do this together," Dante declared. "Still, we will have to split first to analyze the movements of the enemies and their current strengths. Aline, Emily, Ian, and I are going to check the four nations. In the meantime, I want Ethan to escort Mary and help her get used to fighting and eating some monster's meat. You can start with more appetizing ones and work from there."

Mary's heart sank as she heard that she would be escorted by Ethan, whom she perceived as the scariest person in the group. Her petite frame trembled, and she couldn't help but feel a wave of fear wash over her. She had heard rumors about Ethan's formidable abilities and his reputation as a fierce warrior.

Images of his lightning armor and powerful spells flashed through her mind, and she couldn't help but imagine him as an intimidating figure towering over her. Mary had always been a timid girl, easily intimidated by others, and the thought of being in the presence of someone she perceived as fearsome sent shivers down her spine.

Mary's imagination ran wild with worst-case scenarios, envisioning Ethan's stern expressions and sharp words that could pierce through her fragile confidence. She feared being judged and rejected, fearing that her presence would only be a hindrance to the mission.

"What is with that reaction?" Ethan furrowed his eyebrows. "Hey, you know about my powers. I will get stronger on the frontlines… unless you are scared of getting weaker than me."

I think you should take a look at

"Come on, man. I thought we were pretty that petty stage," Dante said and then sighed. "I am giving you this task since you know the locations of the best spots thanks to the memories that you got."

Ethan couldn't deny the truth that he was indeed the best person for the job of escorting Mary, despite the apprehension it caused her. His unique ability to access the memories of the defeated enemies granted him knowledge of where he could find monsters, all types of monsters. It was a gift that had served him well in his previous battles, allowing him to exploit the weaknesses of his foes.

Though it pained him to think about it, Ethan knew that his presence would make it difficult for Mary to resist the temptation of consuming the meat of the monsters they encountered. It was a necessary evil, for devouring the monsters would provide her with the strength and abilities needed to navigate through the dangers that lay ahead.

Ethan understood the weight of this responsibility and the burden it placed on both him and Mary. It was not an easy task to guide someone down a path that involved consuming the essence of creatures they encountered. But he believed that sacrifices had to be made in the face of such a dire situation.

"You can call me Ethan, famous babysitter, instead of summoned hero," Ethan thought.

After the final preparations of the group, there was one problem that they had to deal with, Ethan couldn't carry Mary since his powers would consume her mana and memories. That was truly a pain since carrying her would save time… that being said, lightning armor probably would hurt her.

"If I knew this would happen, I would have brought a car and stored it in my inventory," Ethan said and then sighed.

"You can buy potions with your system. Can't you buy vehicles too?" Emily asked.

"Of course, I can even buy the death star if I want to…" Ethan said. "I can only buy things that I saw and things that my enemies had and had some sort of magical nature. I suppose she needs to eat something that can move fast first… or fly."

Ethan felt a sense of urgency weighing heavily on his shoulders. He understood the destructive power that the four countries possessed and the devastation they could unleash upon the world. Their goal was not only to conquer but to obliterate, leaving nothing in their wake.

This realization fueled Ethan's determination to act swiftly. He knew that time was of the essence, for the destruction caused by the advancing forces would not discriminate between friend and foe, human and creature alike. The very fabric of nature was at risk of being torn apart by the ruthless onslaught that would leave Mary without the means to make herself stronger.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1