Chapter 247 Confidence

Without hesitation, Ethan directed the blade towards the towering head of the monster. With a swift and forceful motion, he released his grip, allowing the immense weapon to hurtle towards its target. The blade descended with a resounding impact, cleaving through the air with unrivaled precision.

As the blade connected with the monster's neck, a deafening clash echoed throughout the chamber. Metal met flesh with a bone-chilling finality, severing the connection between the creature's head and body. A spray of icy blood gushed forth, a testament to the sheer power behind the strike.

The headless body of the monster slumped to the ground, its once formidable presence now reduced to a lifeless heap of flesh and ice. The severed head rolled to a stop a short distance away, its lifeless eyes staring blankly into nothingness.

Ethan stored the boss in his inventory and the giant sword as well. He didn't realize that before, but those were sharp as hell… in any case, he approached the core and then grabbed it. Usually, he wouldn't do that since that might disrupt the flow of mana in the world. While they cause problems, dungeon cores are natural problems. Still, he had to get some compensation for helping to save that world. He wasn't running a charity institution.

As he made contact with the core, a surge of energy coursed through his body. The condensed mana within the core began to flow into him, filling him with its raw power. But with each influx of mana, a burning sensation spread throughout his limbs, searing his veins and causing his body to tremble with discomfort.

Ethan gritted his teeth, his face contorting with the pain. The intense heat radiated from within, making him feel as though he were engulfed in flames. His head throbbed with an unbearable pressure, as if his mind were struggling to contain the immense influx of magical energy.

Despite the discomfort, Ethan knew that he had to endure. The absorption of the dungeon core's power was a necessary sacrifice for the greater good. With a determined mindset, he steeled himself against the pain, focusing on channeling the mana into his own reserves.

Gradually, the burning sensation began to subside, replaced by a surge of newfound strength and vitality. The headache gradually eased, allowing him to think clearly once more. The condensed mana within him merged with his own, becoming a part of his essence, enhancing his abilities and granting him a deeper connection to the arcane forces of the world.

All of your parameters increased by one point.

All of your parameters increased by one point.

All of your parameters increased by one point.

…

You learned the skill Ethereal Summoning.

Ethereal Summoning: you can summon a species of monster that you have defeated. The level of the skill determines the level of the summoned creature. Changing the summoned creature will bring the skill level to zero. The more powerful the creature, the more mana you will use as well.

As Ethan absorbed the power of the dungeon core, he felt a profound shift within himself. It was as if a new channel of energy had opened up, allowing him to tap into the unique abilities of a dungeon core.

He marveled at the newfound knowledge that flooded his mind. It was as if the intricate workings of a dungeon core had been imprinted within his consciousness, granting him a deep understanding of its mechanics. The information seemed to materialize in his thoughts, as if he could create copies of the core's functions with a mere act of will.

Ethan couldn't help but find this development strange. Dungeon cores were not typical living beings; they operated through a different set of rules and principles. Yet here he was, harnessing their power and seemingly replicating their abilities.

Ethan tried to use the spell, but he couldn't… he had to kill something and then use the spell on the body. He couldn't use the ice wolves either.

"I guess summoning vampires isn't possible, while they are monsters, the skill doesn't let me summon such advanced life forms," Ethan thought.

Regardless, Ethan returned to the entrance of the dungeon wondering how he could use that new ability… he didn't want to reset the skill, so he had to choose the right target and keep summoning them endlessly.

"The dungeon trembled a bit, what did you do?" Dante asked.

"Just some tests," Ethan replied. "Is time to go?"

As Ethan carried himself with an air of secrecy, his companions couldn't help but notice. They exchanged curious glances, their eyebrows raised in silent inquiry. It was clear that Ethan was holding something back, a hidden truth or knowledge that he chose not to share at the moment.

However, they respected his decision to keep his thoughts to himself. They understood that everyone had their own secrets and personal experiences that shaped them. Maybe he simply needed time to process the newfound power within him.

Regardless of the reason, they decided not to pry further. They trusted Ethan's judgment and knew that if there was something significant to be shared, he would reveal it when the time was right. For now, they focused on the task at hand, aware that there were more challenges and dangers awaiting them.

"Yeah, it is time," Dante replied. "Still, we should decide our roles beforehand. Emily and Aline will offer support from the backline alongside Mary. Ian will use his powers to find the most troublesome enemies like commanders and deal with them. Ethan and I will try to slow down their progress while decreasing their numbers."

"I am fine with it, but it isn't a very elaborate plan," Ethan said.

"It is better to focus on simplicity since we can adapt things easier if something happens," Dante added. "We will need to use special weapons to deal with vampires or at least use some skills that will emulate the same effects. I already confirmed with the others that they have skills for that, what about you, Ethan?"

"I am armed so well to deal with vampires that you can call me Ethan Belmont," Ethan shrugged.

"The pandemonium sword will only be half as effective against the undead," Ian suddenly said.

"Is that so?" Ethan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

"... Why does Ethan have that sword?" Emily asked.

"Because I am the man," Ethan replied. "Anyway, its effects are what I am looking for, so it doesn't matter."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1